[doc] Add contribution header pages (#18244)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/contributing/hw/README.md

# Contributing to Hardware

> OpenTitan is a silicon project, so naturally there is a lot of aspects of hardware to contribute to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenTitan is an open-source silicon project, so naturally there are lots of aspects of the hardware design to contribute to.
```

Author: Thanks for suggesting these changes, I have added them to the PR.
